= acts_as_restful_list

It's just like acts_as_list, but instead of having to clutter your code with 
non-standard method calls like insert_at, acts_as_restful_list makes managing lists
simple.  You update the position attribute just like you would update anything else
and the rest is taken care of for you.

== Installation
  #environment.rb
  config.gem 'acts_as_restful_list'
  
  # in Terminal
  rake gems:install

== Usage

=== In your model:

  class Item < ActiveRecord::Base
    belongs_to :parent
    acts_as_restful_list :scope => :parent
  end

=== Now, simply CRUD away:

  item = Item.create
  item.position # 1
  
  item2 = Item.create
  item.position # 2
  
  item3 = Item.create
  item.position # 3
  
  item.destroy
  item2.position # 1
  item3.position # 2
  
  item3.position = 1
  item3.save
  item3.position # 1
  item2.position # 2
  
  different_parent = Item.create(:parent_id => 1)
  different_parent.position # 1
  
And that's that.

Report issues at http://github.com/12spokes/acts_as_restful_list/issues

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add specs for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 'Trey Bean'. See LICENSE for details.
